docs(prism-agent): ADR - use ZIO failures and defects effectively (#853)
hyperledger-labs/open-enterprise-agent: docs/decisions/20240116-use-zio-failures-and-defects-effectively.md

Defects) should be made.

This segregation should be done according to the principles outlined in
the [ZIO Types of Errors](https://zio.dev/reference/error-management/types) documentation section.
That is, carefully distinguishing between:

- **ZIO Failures** are:
    - The expected/recoverable errors (i.e. domain-specific errors).
    - Declared in the Error channel of the effect => ZIO[R, E, A].
    - Supposed to be handled by the caller to prevent call stack propagation.

- **ZIO Defects** are:
    - The unexpected/unrecoverable errors.
    - Not represented in the ZIO effect.
    - We do NOT expect the caller to handle them.
    - Propagated throughout the call stack until converted to a Failure or logged for traceability and debugging
      purposes by
      the uppermost layer.

#### Use ADT to Model ZIO Failures

Use **Algebraic Data Types** (ADTs) to model domain-specific errors as ZIO failures within the component/service
interface.

_Implementation tips:_

- **Use a sealed trait or abstract class** to represent the hierarchy of ZIO Failures, allowing for a well-defined set
  of error possibilities.

> - **Ensure the sealed trait extends Throwable** to enable usage of the **ZIO#orDie** and **ZIO#refineOrDie** methods,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Evaluate the solution during the implementation phase to make the sealed trait extends Throwable** to enable usage of the **ZIO#orDie** and **ZIO#refineOrDie** methods,
```
